hello it's Ruby and today I'll be
showing you how to study like Hermione
Granger number one use a planner or make
a timetable
Hermione does this in her first year
when she is getting ready to study for
the end of your exam Hermione's panel
also shouts out reminders to the student
to ensure that they always do their work
for example it may shout out you should
be studying you can replicate this by
putting post-it notes onto your wall
this pretty sure that whenever you go
into your bedroom you are reminded that
you really should be studying read all
of your textbooks and learn everything
you can even if you haven't studied it
yet do more work than is expected to
leave this includes doing extension
projects and reading outside of the
topic you are studying in class if
you're stuck on one of your subjects
don't ask your teacher the help instead
see if you can figure it out yourself it
shouldn't matter if this means spending
another hour on a piece of homework
because it's more like what Hermione
would do she doesn't exactly like to ask
for help and admit that she doesn't
understand work solidly without breaks
have a full schedule and never let
anybody tell you that it is too much
besides Ron what the to you of my
schedules a bit full do all of your
homework the night that it is Sat read
your textbooks in an armchair in the
Gryffindor common room or a room quite
similar